I named my hard drive "dat ass" so once a month my computer asks if I want to 'back dat ass up'.
I think my neighbor is stalking me as she's been Googling my name on her computer. I saw it through my telescope last night.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
I changed my password to "incorrect". So whenever I forget what it is the computer will say "Your password is incorrect".
Entered what I ate today into my new fitness app and it just sent an ambulance to my house.
A clean house is the sign of a broken computer.
My internet is so slow, it's just faster to drive to the Google headquarters and ask them shit in person.
So apparently RSVP'ing back to a wedding invite 'maybe next time' isn't the correct response.
Wifi went down during family dinner tonight. One kid started talking and I didn't know who he was.
Q: What do you call the security outside of a Samsung Store? A: Guardians of the Galaxy.
Any room is a panic room if you've lost your phone in it.
It's ok computer, I go to sleep after 20 minutes of inactivity too.
I would like to thank everybody that stuck by my side for those five long minutes my house didn't have internet
Auto correct just changed "I have so much anxiety I can barely breathe" to "I'm fine."
Maybe if we start telling people the brain is an app they will start using it.
There's not just a straight temperature app on my smartphone. At least not a fahinhieght one there is always a cell-sius built in .
Cats spend two thirds of their lives sleeping, and the other third making viral videos.
Hell is wallpapered with all your deleted selfies.
What was Forrest Gump's email password? "1forrest1"
We just got a fax. At work. We didn't know we had a fax machine. The entire department just stared at it. I poked it with a stick.
Smartphones are pacifiers for adults.
You'd think that with NSA reading our tweets all the time, they could star or retweet some of the good ones.
I want to be something really scary for Halloween this year so I'm dressing up as a phone battery at 2%.
Waitress: 'Do you have any questions about the menu?' Me: 'What kind of font is this?'
Are you a computer whiz? it seems you know how to turn my software to hardware. :wink:
My email password has been hacked. That's the third time I've had to rename the cat.
Is your name Wi-Fi? Because I'm feeling a connection.
What do you call someone who turns into Father Christmas whenever there's a full moon? A where-clause.
A SQL query walks into a bar and sees two tables and says 'Can I join you?'