Your character's skills include hiding, gardening, cleaning things, and horseback riding.
Your character's skills include packing things, inventing, and hiding.
Your character's skills include acting, macrame, and lip reading.
Your character's skills include photography, playing the guitar, paper cutting, and ballroom dancing.
Your character's skills include swordfighting and gardening.
Your character's skills include playing the flute, painting, and woodcarving.
Your character's skills include map-making and metalworking.
Your character's skills include metalworking, woodcarving, and cleaning things.
Your character's skills include tight-rope walking, packing things, and mathematics.
Your character's skills include metalworking, stage magic, and woodcarving.
Your character's skills include voice impressions and packing things.
Your character's skills include marksmanship, socializing, and good fashion sense.
Your character's skills include tight-rope walking, photography, identifying plants, and public speaking.
Your character's skills include swimming, boxing, foraging, and calligraphy.
Your character's skills include knitting, stage magic, and drawing.
Your character's skills include lockpicking, cleaning things, and map-making.
Your character's skills include inventing and tracking.
Your character's skills include inventing, playing the drums, and baking.
Your character's skills include lying, gardening, and being stealthy.
Your character's skills include playing the violin, identifying rocks, lying, and cooking.
Your character's skills include identifying plants, yo-yo tricks, and poetry.
Your character's skills include boxing and paper cutting.
Your character's skills include identifying plants, playing the flute, and remembering details.
Your character's skills include drawing and skating.
Your character's skills include paper cutting and cold-reading.
Your character's skills include macrame, horseback riding, and paper cutting.
Your character's skills include drawing, foraging, and cleaning things.
Your character's skills include cold-reading, gardening, and lying.
Your character's skills include playing the piano, metalworking, and interior design.
Your character's skills include playing the drums, crocheting, being stealthy, and flower arranging.
Your character's skills include foraging and boxing.
Your character's skills include lying, packing things, and wrapping presents.
Your character's skills include map-making and tight-rope walking.
Your character's skills include stage magic, heavy lifting, and playing the piano.
Your character's skills include programming, heavy lifting, and painting.